Welcome to the listening session.
Today, we're going to take a deep look at the information you provided.
To be honest, it's a teaching instruction.
The content covers the core of the teaching of the基督教, the teaching of the Talisman, and some of the promises made when it comes to teaching.
That's right.
Our goal is not to read it as a scripture, but to make it clear that it's a logic behind it.
Why is it so important to believe in the基督?
This belief
And how did it gradually become a specific way of saying, hey, you need to make money, and you need to follow this social path?
Yes, and if you take a closer look, you will find that this document is actually very well made, like in the building.
Oh, how do you say it?
It first hits the deepest ground, that is, who is the upper floor and the ground.
Okay.
Then on the ground, it covers the entire structure of the story, that is, what they say about the voice.
Finally, we started to repair the interior and tell you how you should live in this house.
So these are the testimonies.
It's quite interesting.
So we can follow his way.
Let's see how they believe from the core.
How they live from the beginning to the end.
Okay, let's dig from the ground.
The information starts with a big premise.
Believing in Jesus is like believing in the ground.
For the outsiders,
This may be a bit tricky.
God is God.
Jesus is a person 2000 years ago.
How can these two be put on the list?
This question directly cuts into the core.
That's right.
So the information will immediately mention the concept of the three-dimensional body.
Ah, right.
Three-dimensional body.
This can be said to be the whole structure of Chen Zhongqiang.
Chen Zhongqiang, OK.
Simply put, the teachings of the three-dimensional body are thought that there is only one god on the ground.
But it does exist with three kinds of different positions.
That is, the Holy Worship, the Holy Jesus, and the Holy Spirit.
Absolutely correct.
So, they are three separate positions, but share the same divine nature.
So, in this logic?
In this logic, any of your beliefs are directly to the same God.
So, believe in the Holy Spirit, of course, is the true God.
So, it's not that there are three gods,
It's more like a god's appearance or identity.
You can understand that.
The information also uses the scriptures.
It's like Jesus said, I am the only father.
And when people see me, they see the father.
Wow, this sounds absolutely right.
It is absolutely right.
This leads to the next key word.
To become a god.
It means that the one who created the universe beyond time and space, he chose to make himself a god.
i.e.
a person with a clear mind, who will feel pain, Jesus' appearance, and walk into the history of mankind.
I think of a metaphor.
This seems to be a writer who wrote the novel.
He not only created the whole story world, but also decided to write himself into it and become one of the characters who interact with other characters in person.
Oh, this metaphor has caught the essence.
In this way,
The character in the story is no longer just a far-fetched creator, but you can truly see her, touch her, and talk to her.
Yes, and she also showed a very important thing.
This author is not a hero who controls everything with a full knowledge of the story.
Instead, he is a character of a servant, or even the victim.
This totally astonished our imagination of the god.
Indeed.
And this story's story is actually even earlier.
The information mentioned the appointment of Abraham in the Old Testament.
Wait a minute, this is a more ancient story.
According to this document, several thousand years ago, what is the direct relationship between the words of Abraham and Jesus after 2000?
How did they connect these two points?
This explanation is very bold, but it is also the key to their entire spiritual learning.
According to the explanation of the Galatians,
Back then, in English, Yabor Lahan said he wanted to serve his descendants.
Yes, his descendants.
The key point is, Bolo especially pointed out that the word 後裔 in the original language is used as a single word, not as a negative word.
Single word.
Yes, so he thought that this English word does not require Yabor Lahan to have thousands and thousands of descendants, but it is a single,指向未来那一位特定的后裔,也就是基督.
Wow.
So from this point of view, I believe that the基督 is not just a historical figure.
That's right.
But believe it or not, a few thousand years have passed since the beginning of the creation of the Hongda Project.
That's exactly right.
No wonder this is the foundation of the earthquake.
This explains why the new member's qualification is almost entirely based on his recognition of the capital.
Because once this knowledge is established, everything will be meaningful.
I understand.
So we have the most fundamental recognition.
But a recognition itself is not a complete story.
This core belief, how does it turn into a virtual circle that can affect life?
This is what the data says, right?
Yes, the data is good news.
And this data is spread out into a five-image.
There is a opening, there is a conflict, there is a turning point, there is a high tide.
Finally, there is a interaction for the audience.
Okay, five-image.
The first one is the creation of the upper earth.
The opening of the story is very calm.
A brave god created a perfect world and human beings.
The purpose is to share his love and human-made relationship.
Like the beginning of the creation of the universe.
Yes.
Then, any good story needs to be reinterpreted.
This is the second step, sin.
This is also good news.
The reason is good news is money.
The bad news must be heard first.
The data indicates that the human being chose to be unfaithful and betrayed the god, causing the perfect relationship to break.
Yes.
The words used here are very heavy.
For example, the Bible says that people died in the process of sinning, and even became a pitiful son.
These words are indeed very similar.
The document here is not at all fanciful.
It also uses the Bible to say that everyone committed sin.
Then the price of sin is death.
Yes.
This death is not only the death of the body.
The deeper meaning is that the source of life is completely isolated on the ground.
It is to establish the seriousness of the problem and to solve the problem in the following way.
Totally correct.
Okay, after the ending of the story, the story comes to a turning point.
The third one is the old book.
I especially like the saying in the book, Ran'er, who has a rich connection to the upper and lower realms.
Ah, that Ran'er.
Yes.
Many people say that Ran'er is the most beautiful word in the Bible.
It means that the story is not over yet.
God did not give up.
He launched an entire plan.
It is called N-point.
What is the difference between the N-point and the contract signed by us?
It sounds more like a promise of N-point.
Good question.
Generally, the contract is equal to each other.
What you do, what I do.
But the basis of the N-point contract is that the contract is a full-fledged upper ground.
The other side is that there is no ability to travel at all.
So this is more like a full-fledged upper ground.
He said, you broke the contract, but I came to complete it for you.
This leads to the fourth corner.
Jesus Christ.
Our hero.
Yes, he is the son of God.
He is also a true man.
He has lived a perfect and perfect life.
Then his death became the center of the whole story.
From a human point of view, it is a tragedy.
But from this documental point of view, it is the core of the plan.
In the data, it is used in the Isaiah book.
Yehehua determined to suppress him.
Wow, this sentence sounds really uncomfortable.
Very uncomfortable.
How did God define this kind of thing?
This sentence is indeed one of the most difficult and core secrets of the entire faith.
It means that Jesus' death was not an accident, but a purposeful代代性犧牲.代代性犧牲?
That is to say, he was supposed to bear the consequences of the death of the person who was supposed to bear the consequences of the death of God.
And the entire story is three days later,
So the whole story is finished.
It sounds very shocking, but I will think, and then?
Yes, and then?
Does this story have anything to do with me?
Did the information mention how to turn a listener into a participant?
This is the key point.
Okay.
And this is not the same thing, right?
No, it is a continuous state of life.
Yes, I remember that the comparison with the book is very strong.
At the beginning, people are the customs of the economy, but after they are believed, they become the place where we worship in Jesus Christ.
That's right.
It sounds like the whole work system of life has been changed.
A new identity has been decided in a new way of life.
That's great.
So when a person goes through these five scenes, from understanding the story to accepting the story, the next very natural question is, how am I going to be the one who is dedicated to this story and believes in this story?
This brings us to the last part, the five idioms.
Okay, the idioms are coming.
This is usually the hardest part of what you think.
Yes, it feels like signing a contract.
Haha, but if we look at the story of Shiyan and the story of just now, we will find that his logic is very smooth.
Oh, there are three Shiyan in the front.
Basically, it's asking you to draw with the first person to play that dance again.
How do you say it again?
Look at the first Shiyan.
Do you admit that you are the sinner in the upper world?
Other than his connection, there is no hope.
Isn't this the second most personal version?
Ah, yes.
He wants you to admit your own needs.
That's right.
The second statement, do you believe that Jesus Christ is the Son of God?
Simply relying on Him to obtain salvation?
This is the harmony between the fourth mother, Jesus Christ.
The third statement, do you promise to try to live out the appearance of Jesus Christ as a follower?
This is the fifth point, our response.
Absolutely correct.
Eh?
This is very interesting.
Although this is not just a set of rules, it is a...
Yes, he first let you admit your own difficulties, that is, I am the sinner, then provide a solution, rely on the capital, in the end, you are required to make a promise and live a new life.
That's right, this is a very specific sequence of guidance, from the point of view of rationality, to the whole life.
He is ensuring that you really understand and accept that story, and then bring you into the community promise.
OK. OK. OK. OK. OK.
The material is also very careful to clarify that the important point of the story is not to force everyone to buy property, but to show that we are part of a family.
When you really take the education as your home, and take other members as your family, then sharing the resources and helping each other is a very natural thing.
As for Feng Xian, the principle of the new contract is more like what GeLinduo Houshu said, the point is that the joy of the heart is not the force or the rule.
Ok, let's go to the last one.
He is very sensitive, so he has written a lot of articles.
First of all, it defines the origin of the power.
The capital is the only leader of the church.
The only leader?
OK. And the elder of the church is only the subordinate of Shotofu.
So the opposite of Shunfu, in theory, is not a certain person, but Shunfu was set up by this official structure.
This is in the defense of personal worship.
Yes.
What about discipline or discipline?
Yes, this word sounds more scary.
The document divided it into two layers.
In the case of 1999, the discipline was leveled.
Leveled?
That is, through teaching, encouragement, and persuasion, to help everyone grow up in faith, just like parents raise children.
Understand.
But there is still that 1% of consumption, discipline, and discipline.
It is when an adult is in a clear, continuous, and unwilling to repent, seriously destroying himself and his community, the discipline will be revealed.
But he emphasized that the ultimate goal of this process,
It is always late to return and restore this person, not punishment or expulsion.
Finally, Shiyan also mentioned the bondage and harmony of pursuing education.
This sounds like a very high standard.
It is a very high standard, but it is a promise on purpose.
The promise on purpose.
It means that your promise will not be an observer or complainant, but is willing to roll up sleeves, trying to make this community grow on the holy festival, i.e.
bondage, and more harmonious in the human relationship.
which is harmony.
This has been recognized that the community itself is imperfect.
Every member needs to be together to protect and build.
That's right.
So when we walked down the road, we saw a very clear path.
From a most abstract and core religious perspective, who is the capital?
And then it opened up a complete story of service.
Yes.
Finally, to turn this story into a set of very specific, even a bit challenging community life.
That's right.
The best part of this information is that it shows a ring-ringing structure.
It doesn't give you a bunch of temporary rules to follow.
Instead, it tells you a big story that makes you understand who you are, what kind of new identity you have in this story, and what you should do in this new identity.
your personal life, your community participation, even how you view your financial and human relationships, all are tied together with the core story.
This is indeed a very complete framework.
Before we end, there is a final idea here.
You can take it slowly and think about it.
This information keeps strengthening.
The voice is a person who has been created from the dead to the unknown.
And the final community promise
is to work hard to pursue the existence and harmony of the whole group.
So under such a framework, a person's personal belief journey and the community health of his community, what is the relationship between these two?
Yes.
Is there a member of the individual health to have a healthy education?
Or is it that a healthy community is the most important soil to create individual beliefs?
This question is very good.
How do these two pull each other and define each other?